Add Svelte workshop to calendar (#2152)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2023-12-05-svelte-workshop.md

---
title: "Svelte Workshop"
image: "/assets/images/calendar/2023-12-05-svelte-workshop/svelte-workshop.jpg"
location: "Online"
url: https://svelte-sveltekit-workshop.mainmatter.com
kind: workshop
color: purple
---

> We are organizing a two-days hands-on Svelte and SvelteKit workshop. Hosts
> Florian Pichler and Paolo Ricciuti take participants through the entire process
> of building a real-world, progressively enhanced application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are running a remote hands-on Svelte and SvelteKit workshop over three afternoons in December. Hosts
Florian Pichler and Paolo Ricciuti take participants through the entire process
of building a real-world, progressively enhanced SvelteKit application.
```
